fix(internal): `AllocationGroupId::register` groups max limit increased to 256 (#22897)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/17294_allocationgroupid_groups_max_limit_increased.fix.md

> Increase the AllocationGroupId::register groups max limit from 128 to 256

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a Vector crash that occurred when the internal metrics generated a lot of  groups by increasing groups max limit from 128 to 256.
```
